thousands gather on the ruined streets
of Northern Gaza they're waiting near
Gaza City for a Lifeline aid supplies to
keep their families alive at least for
one more day the trucks bring food but
it's not really
enough one B bricks open and children
rush to fill their
pockets not even a SPI of flour can be
allowed to go to
waste
but hanger is far from being the only
danger Israeli forces open fire and
launch smoke grenades in a bit to break
up the
crows the injured are rushed to the
hospital to get treatment for the pullet
Wars they say they were only waiting for
food and the Israeli attack was
unprovoked I went down I heard gunshots
then I don't know what
happened we want to feed our children
just like everyone else so we went to
get some flour but then we were shot at
shells were fired and tanks Advanced at
us the United Nations is warning that
Gaza is at a risk of famine there has
been calls to increase a shipment but
what is getting in is it still far from
enough back on the streets the crowds
disperse many had to return home
empty-handed some were fortunate enough
to get something at least but they
cannot be sure when the next eight trck
will
arrive so what they've got will have to
last as long as it
takes tar abaz Al jazer Rafa Southern
[Music]
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer